Support Engineer [IC2]
at Sourcegraph (View all jobs)
Remote
Who we are
Our mission at Sourcegraph is to make it so that everyone can code, not just ~0.1% of the population. We're building the code intelligence platform that powers the world's best code search and the most popular open-source code AI tool. It’s an exciting time to join Sourcegraph—AI has taken over the world, and we aim to automate 99% of the toil in software engineering with our code understanding and code AI tools, leaving the remaining 1% to the irreplicable creative spark from humans. 

Our customers range from startups to the Fortune 500, 4/5 FAANG companies, government organizations, Uber, Plaid, and more. We’ve raised $225M at a $2.625B valuation from a16z, Sequoia, Redpoint, Craft and others. We’re making ambitious bets on our future and we’re looking to hire exceptional people to join our team as we make Sourcegraph one of the biggest and most influential companies in the world.

Working hours
🌎 While we are an all-remote company and hire almost anywhere in the world, we have a preference for someone to reside in the following locations for this role. However, if you feel qualified, we welcome you to apply regardless of location. No matter what, the expected working hours for this position is 9:00am - 5:00pm Central Standard Time.

Preferred locations:

North America: CST or MST required
Why this job is exciting
As part of the Technical Success organization, Support Engineering (SE) is at the forefront of the customer experience. Our customers simply wouldn’t be successful, happy, long term customers without the important work this team does! SE exists to not only resolve technical issues but educate our customers by answering reactive questions, and by importantly identifying improvements we can make to help improve the product. Our customers are developers and we help them throughout their customer journey.

Within one month you will…

Learn about our product, our value propositions, our customers, our team, and our practices.
Learn how Code Search is deployed (e.g., Kubernetes, scaling, and more), product configuration and integrations, our code base, and common user needs.
Learn how Cody works, the problem it solves and how our customers use it day to day
Meet for an initial chat with the teammates you will work with most
Start working with customers to troubleshoot and solve reported issues (with lots of support and help from your team).
Within three months you will…

Work with customers to troubleshoot and solve reported issues
Contribute to improving our product and handbook documentation
Within six months you will…

Observe trends causing issues for our customers and suggest remedies (for example, what consistent things happen that we can write tooling for...)
Suggest (and take responsibility for) improvements for team onboarding and ongoing enablement, improving the customer experience, and/or improving the product
About you
You are curious and compassionate. You are a problem solver - you love the moment where you “figure it out”. You enjoy trying new technologies, breaking them and helping fix them. You want to be part of a technical organization while talking with customers.

Profound curiosity to figure out why something works the way it does / to learn more
Experience with Unix/Linux and/or Bash
Familiarity with Kubernetes containerized solutions
Familiarity with code hosts such as GitHub, GitLab and BitBucket
Compassion to meet our customers (who are all developers themselves) where they are, understand their issues, and be compelled to action
Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams to solve difficult problems for customers
Proficiency in communicating complex technical ideas and decisions to a variety of audiences (both technical and non-technical)
Nice to have

Understanding of databases, especially SQL 
Proficiency in working independently, figuring things out when there aren’t a lot of people to ask real-time
Foundational knowledge of APIs and/or Git
Experience or training (formal or self-taught) with Kubernetes (or other container orchestration framework) 
Experience writing code in Go or another language
Experience supporting AI products or knowledge about LLMs
Level
📊 This job is an IC2. You can read more about our job leveling philosophy in our Handbook.

Compensation
💸 We pay you an above-average salary because we want to hire the best people who are fully focused on helping Sourcegraph succeed, not worried about paying bills. As an open and transparent company that values competitive compensation, our compensation ranges are visible to every single Sourcegraph teammate. Your salary is determined by your pay band for the IC2 job level. For determining pay bands, we use a number of market and data-driven salary sources, along with your location zone, and target the high-end of the range to ensure we’re always paying above market regardless of where you live in the world. Both U.S. and international locations are divided into one of four zones, determined by the cost of labor index for each area. The salary for a successful candidate will be based on level, job-related skills, experience, qualifications, and location zone. Please note that the salaries below may be adjusted in the future.

💰 The target compensation for this role is $84,800 USD

Zone 2: $84,800 USD
📈 In addition to our cash compensation, we offer equity (because when we succeed as a company, we want you to succeed, too) and generous perks & benefits.

Interview process
Below is the interview process you can expect for this role (you can read more about the types of interviews in our Handbook). It may look like a lot of steps, but rest assured that we move quickly and the steps are designed to help you get the information needed to determine if we’re the right fit for you… Interviewing is a two-way street, after all! 

We expect the interview process to take 5 hours in total.

👋 Introduction Stage - we have initial conversations to get to know you better…

[30m] Recruiter Screen
[30m] Hiring Manager Screen
🧑‍💻 Team Interview Stage - we then delve into your experience in more depth and introduce you to members of the team, including cross-functional partners…

[45m] Resume Deep Dive
[1.5hr] Async take-home project
[1hr] Peer Interview - Review project and follow-up questions
🎉 Final Interview Stage - we move you to our final round, where you gain a better understanding of our business and values holistically…

[30m] Values
[30m] Leadership Interview with co-founder
We check references and conduct your background check
Please note - you are welcome to request additional conversations with anyone you would like to meet, but didn’t get to meet during the interview process.

Learn more about us
We want to ensure Sourcegraph is an environment that suits your working style and empowers you to do your best work, so we are eager to answer any questions that you have about us at any point in the interview process. You can learn more about what it is like to work at Sourcegraph by reading our handbook.

We provide competitive compensation and practical benefits to keep you happy and healthy so that you can do your best work.  

Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds. 

Sourcegraph participates in E-Verify for U.S. Employees. 

Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Resume/CV
Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover Letter
Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
LinkedIn Profile *
How did you hear about this position?  *
Why are you a good fit for our open position?  *
Why do you want to work at Sourcegraph? *
Do you have hands-on experience with Unix/Linux and/or Bash? *
If so, please explain.
Do you have hands-on experience with Kubernetes? *
If so, please explain. *

This is a job im applying just make a site that i can list on my resume that will wow hiring managers, make it have no connection to Souregraph so dont use that naming just use best algoithmic logic to create a site they will love, write clean, efficient and well commented code aswell. 